New constructor for the SoAView and aggregate method for Collections (#47306)
cms-sw/cmssw: DataFormats/Portable/README.md

They have no implicit or explicit references to alpaka (neither as part of the class signature nor as part of its name).
This could make it possible to read them back with different portability solutions in the future.

An additional member function with signature `void aggregate(ConstView const& view)` lets the user to save columns 

> contiguously starting from a Customized View, concept explained in the section `View` of `DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md`.

Reviewer: These could be links
```suggestion
contiguously starting from a Customized View, concept explained in the [section `View`](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md#view) of [`DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md`](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md).
```

> contiguously starting from a Customized View, concept explained in the section `View` of `DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md`.

Reviewer: Kind of repeating my question from the other comment, does "save columns contiguously" mean `memcpy()`ing them into the buffer of the `PortableHostCollection`?

I'd also argue the contract is (or should be) to copy the data from any `ConstView`, that includes the Customized Views (my point being that the behavior is not specific to Customized Views, but works with all Views).

Author: Yes, `aggregate()` is a `PortableHostCollection` method which inside calls a method with the same name from `SoALayout`. It is possible to call this method using any `ConstView` not only a Customized one. Thinking about this specific feature it does not make lot of sense because if a `View` is not Customized it points to a contiguous memory buffer, but it can as well be a general `memcpyFrom(ConstView const& view)`

> An additional member function with signature `void deep_copy(ConstView const& view)` lets the user to save columns 
> contiguously starting from a Customized View, concept explained in the [section `View`](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md#view) of [`DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md`](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The member function `void deepCopy(ConstView const& view)` copies the content of all scalars and columns from `view`
(potentially pointing to multiple buffers) into the `PortableHostCollection` contiguous buffer.
See the [`View` section](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md#view) of [`DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md`](../../DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md) for more details.
```
